

********searched:
The recipe of a random food: Prep:15min  ›  Cook:30min  ›  Ready in:45min 

For the curry sauce: Heat oil in medium non-stick saucepan, add onion and garlic and cook until softened. Stir in carrots and cook over low heat for 10 to 12 minutes.
Add flour and curry powder; cook for 1 minute. Gradually stir in stock until combined; add honey, soy sauce and bay leaf. Slowly bring to the boil.
Turn down heat and simmer for 20 minutes or until sauce thickens but is still of pouring consistency. Stir in garam masala. Pour the curry sauce through a sieve; return to saucepan and keep on low heat until ready to serve.
For the chicken: Season both sides of chicken breasts with salt and pepper. Place flour, egg and breadcrumbs in separate bowls and arrange in a row. Coat the chicken breasts in flour, then dip them into the egg, then coat in breadcrumbs, making sure you cover both sides.
Heat oil in large frying pan over medium-high heat. Place chicken into hot oil and cook until golden brown, about 3 or 4 minutes each side. Once cooked, place on kitchen paper to absorb excess oil.
Pour curry sauce over chicken, serve with white rice and enjoy!

********searched:
The recipe of a random food: 1 Preheat the oven to 230°C.

2 Add the sugar and crumble the fresh yeast into warm water.

3 Allow the mixture to stand for 10 – 15 minutes in a warm place (we find a windowsill on a sunny day works best) until froth develops on the surface.

4 Sift the flour and salt into a large mixing bowl, make a well in the middle and pour in the yeast mixture and olive oil.

5 Lightly flour your hands, and slowly mix the ingredients together until they bind.

6 Generously dust your surface with flour.

7 Throw down the dough and begin kneading for 10 minutes until smooth, silky and soft.

8 Place in a lightly oiled, non-stick baking tray (we use a round one, but any shape will do!)

9 Spread the passata on top making sure you go to the edge.

10 Evenly place the mozzarella (or other cheese) on top, season with the oregano and black pepper, then drizzle with a little olive oil.

11 Cook in the oven for 10 – 12 minutes until the cheese slightly colours.

12 When ready, place the basil leaf on top and tuck in!

********searched:
The recipe of a random food: 1) Preheat oven to 180 degrees celcius. 
2) Boil vegetables for 5-7 minutes, until soft. Add lentils and bring to a gentle simmer, adding a stock cube if desired. Continue cooking and stirring until the lentils are soft, which should take about 20 minutes. 
3) Blanch spinach leaves for a few minutes in a pan, before removing and setting aside. 
4) Top up the pan with water and cook the lasagne sheets. When cooked, drain and set aside.
5) To make the sauce, melt the butter and add the flour, then gradually add the soya milk along with the mustard and the vinegar. Cook and stir until smooth and then assemble the lasagne as desired in a baking dish. 
6) Bake in the preheated oven for about 25 minutes.